Update resource behavior options (#18014)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/group-set-options.md

| HideGroupInOutlook                           | This group is hidden in Outlook experiences.                 | All groups are visible and discoverable in Outlook experiences.   |
| SubscribeNewGroupMembers                     | Group members are subscribed to receive group conversations. | Group members do not receive group conversations.                 |
| WelcomeEmailDisabled                         | Welcome emails are not sent to new members.                  | A welcome email is sent to a new member on joining the group.     |

> | SubscribeMembersToCalendarEventsDisabled     | Members are not subscribed to calendar events in Outlook.     | Members are not subscirbed to calendar events.
>            |
> | CalendarMemberReadOnly                       | Members can view the group calednar in Outlook but cannot make changes.   | Members can view and edit group calendar in Outlook.|
> | Connectors Disabled                          | Changes made to the group in Exchange Online are not synced back to on-premises Active Directory.  | Changes made to the group in Exchange Online are synced back to on-premises Active Directory.  |

Reviewer: Please also update the table so the properties can be listed alphabetically.
```suggestion
| SubscribeMembersToCalendarEventsDisabled     | Members are not subscribed to the group's calendar events in Outlook.     | Members are not subscribed to the group's calendar events. |
| CalendarMemberReadOnly                       | Members can view the group calendar in Outlook but cannot make changes.   | Members can view and edit the group calendar in Outlook.|
| ConnectorsDisabled                          | Changes made to the group in Exchange Online are not synced back to on-premises Active Directory.  | Changes made to the group in Exchange Online are synced back to on-premises Active Directory.  |
```
